## Hello
### Hi
#### Nice to meet yo
jdkjashjdkasjkda 
Government is set up for the betterment of its people, but there are more matters that need our government's attention. Art's more prone to recreation and amusement, which exceeds the range that our government should take responsibility of.

If government support art, censorship will occur, since the government will decide which 'good' art to fund. National parks have become one of the indispensable recreation activities in our modern society. 


## Sample structure

Both the reading and lecture hold different positions, respectively, on the issues of ...

This assertion in the lecture contradicts in the reading that ...

The lecture's argument is challenged in the reading by the reason why ...

The professor's claim contradicts in the reading which argues that ...

This likewise refutes the author in that ...

This is contrary to the reading passage that says

The assumptions are somewhat erroneous, less convincing and quite invalid.

## Some good sentences
### Reduce Stress
In an information exploration era, people needs all sort of knowledge to keep up with the constantly improving world.

Help people with mental stress and refreshes their mood. Most people living in the modern society have a heavy work load and therefore are overworked and overstressed. Some people can not fall asleep in spite of the fact that they are exhausted in their daily life. Some people even need sleep pills to fall asleep. In some extreme cases that people are so overstressed that they have to go to a mental clinic.

## Good ending sentences

Admittedly, some people says that ... 
For instance, they can build a good relations for life due to such convenience  and swiftness. In modern society communication and easy to reach to people are of essence. 

For individuals, they do not have the professional knowledge and expert skills for handling the environmental issues. 

Additionally, with the concept of diversified learning, rarely could we confine our learning in one field without the association with other professions.

Undoubtedly, learning only one skill is easier for a person to find out the problems, tackle the problems and dip deeper into the skills. However, in general, people can not really gain the mastery of any skills no matter how hard he tries.  

However, some people might against my perspective and state that getting advice from friends at the same age might also have some advantages in, to illustrate, being able to understand the latest trends and future since they are at the same situation with the same task to cope with.

Although I consent that there might be a few virtue of obtaining suggestions from the old aged friends, I feel that the merits of same-age friends' advice is more obvious and true. Experience after all can go astray from case to case and the best way for advice is to listen to friends with the same age.

But once we move away from the theoretical perspective, there have been issues like what will be addressed below. 

... are essential to maintain a fundamental function of the society.

Furthermore, in some particular circumstance, relying to the past simply leads to serious mistakes. Before Plank purposing to quantum mechanics and Einstein to his relativity theory, many scientists simply applied Newton's theory to the movement of microscopic particles, which however was wrong in the direction. Thus relying on the past will cause serious mistakes.




## Terms

On the contrary ...
To be more concise ...
Admittedly, 
Certainly, 
Irrefutably, 
literacy
water reservoir
tragedy
In contrast
It remains controversial that ...
The professor is skeptical about 
The professor disapproves that ...
tactics
arduously
furthermore
courtesy0 
get rid of stress
though a myriad of people ...
as for me, I hold the standpoint ...
receive a exorbitant salary 
acquire and polish interpersonal relationship

Therefore it is absolutely true that the lessons and skills learned through sports are practical and relevant.
when people suffering form undue stress, playing sports is the most effective and convenient way of getting rid of stress and gain new perspectives on life.





## Interactive writing
The reading passages purposes three reasons for ... Meanwhile, the listening passage rejects these three reasons as implausible and unbelievable.




